Work Location: remote, work from home
Work Schedule: part time, flexible schedule
Compensation: competitive rate
Experience: no prior experience required
Language Requirements: English and Spanish (Mexico)
Project Duration: intermittent
 

Does this sound like you?
Are you a stay-at-home mom or dad, student, gig worker, or professional looking for freelance, part-time, remote, work-from-home jobs where you can set your own schedule? Are you a search engine pro? Do you find online searches easy? Are you interested in helping to improve the reliability of today’s AI models? If yes, then this opportunity is for you!


What we're looking for
RWS Group is looking for Search Engine Evaluators to assess and provide feedback on text, audio, image, or video search results based on specific search queries. This data will be used by major search engines, social media networks, streaming entertainment, and more.


Typical tasks
Evaluate the relevance of specific search results to ensure they are accurate and useful 
Identify low-quality content that may negatively affect user experience
Evaluate the accuracy of image search results to determine if they are appropriate and relevant


Work benefits
Work from home part time and when you want with a flexible work schedule
Work-life balance - maintain your lifestyle while you work
Earn extra money on the side
Timely payments made directly to your PayPal or bank account
Access more opportunities when you join our TrainAI community


Equipment you'll need
High-speed internet access (cable modem, DSL, etc.) 
A smartphone and a personal computer running the latest version of Google Chrome
State-of-the-art antivirus software to protect your computer as you surf the web
Windows or Mac OS X operating system 
Email service: Outlook, Gmail, or any other


Job requirements
Fluent in English to be able to follow instructions and guidelines
Native-level fluency in Spanish (Mexico)
Ability to continually maintain quality and accuracy requirements throughout the project
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
Strong understanding of popular culture in your locale
Web-savvy and an expert in search
Responsible, reliable, and communicative 
**Only one person per household can participate in this project


How to apply? 
To get started, you will need to join our TrainAI Community. You’ll be asked to:
Go to the TrainAI Community registration page (https://bit.ly/3uKXIgv).
Complete the Sign Up form.
Follow the instructions provided to log in and complete Your Profile.

If you already registered with our RWS TrainAI Community and you meet all the requirements, we will reach out to you via email with further details.
